# LightGBM-Ranker-and-LightGBM-Classifier-for-Personalised-Fashion-Recommendation-System
Project of Master Data Science

The fashion industry has witnessed a paradigm shift with the advent of advanced technologies and personalised experiences. A fashion recommendation system stands at the forefront of this evolution, offering users tailored suggestions based on their preferences, behaviours and trends. H&M offers customers a wide range of products to browse through. But with too many options, customers might not quickly find what interests them or what they are looking for and ultimately, they might not make a purchase. This project aims to develop recommend fashion recommendation system for H&M in order to assist customers in making choices. According to previous work, the model such as LightGBM Ranker and LightGBM Classifier can be used as a method to find solution for recommendation system. The choice of these models is driven by their capability to capture intricate relationships in fashion preferences. By comparing the two models, this project seeks to provide a better accuracy of recommendation system, facilitating better-informed decisionmaking in the face of the volatile energy market. To assess the efficacy of the recommendation systems, the Mean Average Precision (MAP) and accuracy metric is employed, providing a comprehensive evaluation of the model performance. The successful implementation and evaluation of these models can pave the way for improve recommender systems in the fashion industry, contributing to enhanced customer satisfaction and increased business efficiency.
